1.Why do computers understand only binary language?

 computer understand only binary language because as we know that our computer is an electronic device that is made up of hardware which consist RAM,ROM,hardisk etc.
 And it is much easier to represent hardware in two states rather than many states.so such small components of hardware are made up of capacitors
 a capacitors is a physical device which stores charge,so now we have two possiblities either it holds charge or not.so for our convinience we stated as,
 if they contain charge so it will be in 1 state,if it will not then it will be in 0 state.And we can also convert any instruction in binary form very easily and
 information through hardware can only represent in two state i.e, 1 or 0.so that's why computer understand only binary language.

2.What is the full form of IDE?

 Full form of IDE is Integrated Development Environment.


3.What is the difference between a text editor and a code editor?

 Text editor can not understand our program which we write for them it is a normal text form and they does not provide any programming experience but in case of
 code editor(a form of text editor)they know and understand the code or program which we write in them and they also provide a great experience for coding by 
 highlighting the programming elements with different colours and they also help us to figure out the errors which we have done in our program.

4.What are the steps to develop software using the C language?

 Steps to develop software using c language are:-
 1. create a source file
 3. build software - we have to just click on build and computer will automatically build your software by using preprocessor,compiler and linker.


5. Explore by your own-

a. What is the latest version of C Language?

 C11 is the latest version of c language.

b.Who developed C Language?

 Dennis M. Ritchie developed c language in 1970.

c.What is the difference between System and Application Software?
  
 System Software is the type of software which is the interface between application software and system while Application Software is the type of software that 
 runs as per user request.It runs on the platform which is provided by system software.

d.How to convert a number from a decimal number system to a binary number system?

 We can convert a decimal number system  to a binary number system by dividing the number by 2 and what ever the quotient we get again divide it by 2 and 
 the process goes on till the quotient becomes 1. now arange the last quotient along with all remainders which we have got in the above process in reverse order.
 Thus we got the binary number of that decimal. 
 ex- (8)10 to (?)2
 8/2=4 r=0
 4/2=2 r=0
 2/2=1 r=0
 arranging in reverse order 1000.
 so 1000 binary number is equivalent to 8 decimal number.


